`!` is the bang operator, which tends to have two meanings. Either it's being 
used as the boolean 'not' operator/implying falseness, or it's indicating that a method is being used in it's destructive form (by appending it to the end of the method name)

`?`  at the end of a method tends to imply that it will return a boolean object.

1. what is != and where should you use it?
    `!=` is the 'not equal' operator that will return `true` when two objects are not equal but `false` when they are. You would use this when you wanted to check whether two objects were not equal to one another.

2. put ! before something, like !user_name
    When you put a `!` (not operator) in front of an expression that returns a
    boolean, it reverses it's polarity, or when the return value for the
    expression isn't boolean, it gives the expression a return value of `false`.

    Another way of saying this is that `!<some object>` is used to turn any object into the opposite of it's boolean equivalent.

3. put ! after something, like words.uniq!
    When you see a `!` appending a method this suggests that the method is destructive, and that it is highly likely that the method has a non-mutating form that has the same name, less the appending `!`.
    
    Variables can't end with a `!` suffix.

4. put ? before something
    You can use `? :` to implement a ternary conditional statement, this is an
    option so long as the expression all fits on one line.

    Another use case is if you prepend a single character with ? it will
    return the string equivalent of that character. `?` is a character
    literal. There is no character type in Ruby, so instead of an instance of
    a character type, the character literal evaluates to the "default
    representation of a character". In Ruby 1.9+, that's a `String` of length
    1, in Ruby 1.8, it's a `Fixnum` denoting the Unicode (or was it ASCII?) 
    codepoint of the character.

5. put ? after something
    When you see a `?` appending a method this implies that it will have a boolean return value. 
    Variables can't end with a `?` suffix.

6. put !! before something, like !!user_name
    The double-bang operator is actually just two boolean not operators. When you prepend an expression with the double bang it will convert it's return value from something truthy or falsy into actual boolean `true` or
    `false`. Where the return values are already boolean, they will be unchanged.

POST SOLUTION

The solution makes the point of saying that a `!` or `?` at the end of a 
method is part of the method name, not syntax, and therefore you can't reliably
say that this insinuates anything about the method - to find out what the method does, you'll need to take a look at it's implementation.

Another point that is made is that the `? :` is the ternary operator used in
ternary conditional expressions in Ruby.
I hadn't taken note of this, and put `?` down to indicating a boolean return 
value to a method.